[Music]
We don't want
Hey. Hey. Hey.
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
Got that sleep in
[Music]
again.
What's the point of going
to
[Music]
fall asleep
on my bedroom
[Music]
What am I going to do today?
wait.
[Music]
You
Wake up.
[Music]
What the [__] Starcraft.
That's scary.
[Music]
I could hear
the end.
[Music]
Imagining a world with resolution.
All we've ever
[Music]
Good morning.
Heat. Heat. Heat.
Is there a place for us? We escape
[Music]
indeed.
Wait, here. Here comes the flourish.
Here comes the flourish.
[Music]
Stand on the brink of love. I'm leaving
on my own.
I'll be waiting. You'll never
come along
break.
[Music]
[Applause]
again.
There's no reason.
Okay.
Well done. Starcross. What comes after
star? Let's find out.
Oh, by the seaside. Okay. Hello. Stay as
rudest.
Very low stakes stream I think.
Baddy
right
I'm daddy. I'm
about coming
scroll.
No, at least not for now.
Okay, that is all good.
Um, good morning. Wait, where is Mama?
Maybe later if stream long.
I don't think the stream's going to be
long today, but it's okay.
Today
that's okay.
Taking Today we're taking a chill pill.
Let me screen share better.
I'm going go B mode.
I go be m
[Music]
Where is
Yeah, that's fine.
Today we go B mode.
I haven't I haven't done my done my B
situation in a million years.
Hello Baddy
Gaty Jr.
Hello, Ver.
[Music]
It's okay, Baddy. Let the muscle memory
kick in.
[Music]
Still doing Still doing Pine, I think,
for me.
[Music]
Every day of my life, I don't get pine
boost.
Not the bees. Not the bees.
Ah,
wait. Did I finish my buck
or is buck just yelling at me? Oh, I
did.
Yeah. What do you want from me?
I need to do 11 million goo.
[__] I need to do a million 11 million
goo.
This is not good.
There's already someone in Pinefield,
too.
Yeah, I need 11 million goo.
Whatever it
changed the height of the sprinkler jump
situation.
[Music]
Wait, why' I get glue? What was that
from?
That is quite a bit of goo.
[Music]
Do you have any ant?
What do you mean? Do I have any ant like
ant quests?
[Music]
I got like
basically last year, same time last
year, I was like going really hard on
really really hard on bewarm.
Like I know the meta. I know the
everything.
I'm just a lost Arya. Don't worry. I'm
the lost Pippens.
I'm a little bit of a gamer.
I didn't even check what field it
boosted.
Did I even boost a field?
No, I just talked to Buck B. I'm like
stupid.
[Music]
Hit it, Shelly.
I did pine tree. Nice.
I don't remember how much I need from
pine tree. I still need like
40 60,000.
[Music]
Got nowhere near this great. Yeah, I
played like too many hours a day. And I
attribute Beast Swarmm Simulator to one
of the reasons why Girl Score Wizards
took longer than it should have cuz I
just kept playing Bee Storm instead.
[Music]
I'm like one that's like not even a joke
by the way. I'm like being 100% serious.
[Music]
I have two beastwarm simulator plushies.
So obsessed with beastworm that the
beastworm bees have appeared in two of
my songs now.
[Music]
The tier songs are Web Punk and
Creature City.
I missed one.
a [__] conversion rate.
I used to have a hot key for my mouse. I
don't think I have it anymore.
I got so distracted by both of those
that I didn't get either of them.
I think my biggest weakness still is I
have such like dog [__] conversion rates
for my for my hive.
I'm out here like needing to run micro
converters so often
which is tough.
They put terrace on me.
No way.
My favorite be is Fuzzy Ve. Here's some
Fuzzy Ve figureed. Um, I thought I did.
I thought I did on stream. I actually
don't know where it is on my computer.
If you send it again, I can show it next
rotation.
Ah,
I lost my little bear buddy. Speed
boost.
I feel like I should be auto gooing
right now, but
I kind of don't remember how to farm the
gooses.
I guess I'll start auto gooing
cuz I need like 11 million goo from this
field.
Oh [__] We're like [__] up this
field right now.
Let's get it.
I need a microc converter.
[__]
Look at this. Beautiful. Look at my
beautiful field.
My beautiful pine field.
Okay, no more goo. Don't want to go in
on this field.
Happy bees.
You can still group it up at the worst
field ever.
I'll check my DMs on next rotation,
buddy. I promise.
I'm like on a roll with this field
cuz the [__] uh blue boost I did for
it.
You know what's crazy is like the the
boosters never boost the fields that I
want. It's only when I get on stream
that the boosters actually give me the
field that I want.
Oh, that's how I was streaming is I
can't have the
can't have the bad luck stream.
I think the one quest that's like
[__] me out right now is the I think
it is an on quest maybe which is telling
me to do 500 puff shrooms which is like
ridiculous.
If I had the super saturator, maybe it
would be fine. But like, [__] man.
All I have is the triple D diamond
sprinkler. I think
I don't even know how far I am from
getting the
I need to check. I have not really
played this game much since last year.
So,
but I'm still obsessed.
So colorful.
I think my dream I think my dream collab
would be to do an original song for this
game, to be honest.
I'm like on my knees begging
to get one of my songs in this game.
I like do anything.
And the only payment I will take is if
uh they make a fuzzy bee plush.
[Music]
No fuzzy bee plush is like painful. I
just got a sticker.
[Music]
Fuzzy be is my most beloved character.
Good.
Also, I wouldn't mind another tadpole
bee.
I have two fuzzy bees and one tadpole
bee. Okay, I think my Yeah, I'm not
going to do an auto gun micro converter
again. So,
that's it for for the
la dishy pony. Hello.
Hello. I've run out of this land.
Okay, let me take a look, buddy.
Yes. Yes.
Hold on.
So, this is a
This is the This is the the fuzzy bee.
The fuzzy bee that Fatty made.
I was a little bit losing my mind over
it.
Also, I don't want to alarm anyone, but
I have like a packet of hot sauce that
I'm just going to drink if that's okay.
Daddy said okay.
That's nice
fish.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Baddy.
Oh, Baddyy. I don't think we're very far
apart from each other in our hives.
They look pretty similar.
I love my little bee world.
Okay, wait. I need to see what the
requirements are for the saturator.
[Music]
Oh, 10 grandmaster badges. That's right.
And then five 55.5 billion honey.
So I basically need 11 times as much
honey as I have right now
and 10 grandmaster batches which I only
have one of.
It went to the back of my throat. That's
not fair.
Oh my [__] thing.
Yeah, this game is really easily
addicting. Genuinely.
Oh yeah, I can only go up there at
night.
[Music]
Oh, that's for the other memory matches.
I remember now.
Sprout.
I think I need sprout tokens for
something.
Yeah.
[Music]
Oh, let's see here.
The one the one main caveat about be
swarm is that like you can't tell who's
who. Everyone's obscured by this insane
amount of gear. You can't even see what
my character is. It is beef of course,
but
I need 25 million goo from the stump
field.
[Music]
Coconut field made me quit.
Let's see if I can still do the [__]
coconut crab.
Oh, there's a [__] puff shroom in
there, too. All right,
this is going to suck.
[Music]
Where' that puff shroom go?
Worst feeling in the world is losing
your speed boost.
Where's that going?
[Music]
This is good. This is good money.
Not really focusing on rarity of uh pup
shroom. I'm focusing on quantity. We do
the stupid ass quest. 500 pup shrooms.
My ass.
Okay.
[Music]
Shout out Basmus or something.
Oh, thank God.
[__]
Oh, they were right next to each other.
I'm so mad. Okay, that's fine.
[Music]
It's all fun in games.
Oh, I forgot I can do my tunnel bear
situation.
[Music]
I love
too bad.
I'll take 58,000 honey. Sure.
Um, okay. We're going to try and do the
coconut crab this time. I do not know if
I remember how to do this properly.
throw game.
Oh [__] Yeah, the coconuts.
[Music]
It's so insane that Beastworm's failure
is a Metroid Vania. Explain what you
mean.
Hello, buddy.
What's screaming? Let's uh
armor which be is doing that, but it's a
good damage boost.
Oh yeah, this is like totally doable.
The thing about this crab, for those who
don't know, is that basically getting
hit by it once is like typically an
insta kill. So you bas you have to do
this like extremely perfectly every
single time.
[Music]
I should probably turn up the the game
volume.
I can't get the
get this.
Okay.
I'm sure there's there's
got to be someone. Well, you have to
get, you know,
what high level 35 or something.
I forget what that number is, actually.
But you have to do leveling to to get
yourself here.
Oh,
not even halfway done still.
Also, I don't [__] know why I named
my bear junior creek float. I just don't
know why I did that.
Oh, wait.
Sometimes the like crab will track you
more than you want it to.
Pedal before guards.
I just wanted the spirit pedal.
I don't even remember what was the tool
that we had before the pedal, but I just
didn't want it anymore.
I don't know if it was the honey dipper
or what the [__] it was.
[Music]
Yoohoo! Froggy
to be by your donuts. Oh my god, Baddy.
I got to show them my work in progress
cover of Don't Tap the Glass.
Daddy said I'm sure I made it.
We also just we we got done listening to
the actual album
a couple hours ago.
Halfway done.
[Music]
I actually really do like the new Tyler
album. It's very casual, but it's really
cute.
It's Tyler the Creator's cutest album.
Oh.
Oh, Mondo check in the building.
Daddy said Gow.
I see the vicious.
80k to go.
I mean, Eigor is still Tyler's best
album, but
I feel like at this point he can't
really release a bad album.
Oh, this is risky.
Oh, yeah. Very risky.
I'm almost dead.
[Music]
Uh, you do not need to dip into his
older stuff.
It's like, okay.
The very sentence of being like, I want
to listen to older Tyler's music is like
h
scary. That's a scary prospect.
Never thought I'd see a Violet Roblox
stream. I mean, I was doing Roblox
streams last year quite a bit. I've just
been out of it.
I think we were also doing it sometime
this year, right?
[__] [__]
Oh, this crab. This crowd is getting a
little aggro.
33.
I think you basically can't do coconut
crab without a vicious bee.
Classic honey storm.
Oh, [__]
Okay, that's fine. We're fine.
[Music]
Got to make sure my speed boosts are all
ready when I do
finish the crab here.
Can run around and get some.
Get some tokens.
10k.
Almost.
[Music]
Oh, so very delicious.
Excellent.
I forgot what the requirements are for
these. Just 10 billion honey.
25 7.5 trillion.
Don't laugh at me.
Did I do this?
Okay. I don't even remember if I had
anything in the coconut field to do.
Not really.
I just did that for the love of the
game.
[Music]
Oh, well, there was this, but I'm pretty
sure I had already done that.
Whatever.
[Music]
Baddy, you want to do Mythic Storm.
He said lava.
Lava.
Oh, you know what? I'm going to kill
this chicken for the love of the game.
What?
[Music]
Oh, bite the big again.
Nap time already.
[Music]
to be by your donut.
Daddy said to be by your girl next.
Yes, bro.
[Music]
Get better.
Stop.
[Music]
to be by your donuts.
Not much to convert here, but it's fine.
Be gamble simulator. It's true.
[Music]
How much for another hive slot?
9 billion.
Okay.
Daddy said I'm a little brown flying in
the sky. I've got a brown tail. Come and
fly with my
Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Ba.
[Music]
Guess I'll just finish up just 2 million
honey in here.
[Music]
Okay, that's done.
Where's normal field booster? Oh, it's
up there. I'm silly.
[__] Looks like an endgame. Wow. Raid.
sort of is.
What are we doing? Cloverfield boost. I
don't have anything in Cloverfield.
I've been scammed.
[Music]
My stream luck has run out.
I do the funny
Let me do the funny.
[Music]
I don't know what the perfectly
consistent way to do this flip is.
[Music]
There's no way they patched this. It's
been around for so long.
[Music]
Danny said, "Wait, what?"
I'm trying to do the flip.
Trying to do the beastworm flip
[Music]
so I can go out of bounds.
Mushrooms.
Oh, puffrooms. Here they come.
[Music]
Are my favorite activity.
Shim paradise for you and me. I think
so.
[Music]
Oh, fuzzy bee. Why do you have to
pollinate this field?
[Music]
You know that you can't escape the swarm
simulator if We played once.
[Music]
Come on. I need so many pup shrooms.
It's not even funny.
Woo!
[Music]
Come on!
Where are we?
[Music]
Why is proton be? We're in the
strawberry field, but it's doing a
a nuclear strike in the spider field.
[Music]
Intense key mashing only has the
experience. It is. Yeah.
[Music]
It was a It was a wonderful experience.
Uh I want to switch shields here.
This is like a rare puff shroom that I'm
not going to get.
[Music]
Oh, we got it. Never mind.
Oh, Vector B that [__] Yeah,
[Music]
very nice.
Um,
I still Holy [__] We're 327 puff
shrooms popped. That's the funny number.
Not as funny as 328, but so close.
[Music]
Um
I was using the zapper.
Those are so friendly.
Here
we go. This This is our zapper
with their
That's buckaroo.
So I guess what the [__] That token
like [__] scared me.
I was supposed to be like, "What the
[__] is 953?" It's like a black medic
reference.
Whatever.
Um,
I don't remember which treats I need for
what right now. So, I'm not leveling any
bees.
[Music]
Um,
what do I want to do here? I'm in
bamboo field, stump field.
sprout tokens. I mean, I'm trying The
main thing I was doing when I left off
with Be Swarm was I was trying to go for
Windy Bee.
[Music]
Maybe I should be trying to do the wind
stuff.
Which was this?
I don't know if the
stream's been going for an hour, so
theoretically
blue should be ready.
[Music]
Hey.
Holy [__] Okay, relax.
Which field? Pine tree. We just did pine
tree.
Okay. Well,
let me use a field dice.
Pepper patch.
Can we also do a normal boost pepper
patch?
Go pepper patch. Go
mushroom field. [__] you. Okay.
Cactus steel. Do I have anything in
cactus field? Yes, I do. 54 million.
54 million for brown bear.
This is fine.
[Music]
Want me to use five blue extracts, too,
but I I'm not going to do that in this
field. Save that for like bamboo or
something.
Heat.
[Music]
Fun fact, when I started playing Beast
Swarm, there was like the codes you
could use, and I got like a few
marshmallow bees, which was like
impossible to get. And I used all of
them thinking it would give me a
marshmallow bee, like an actual bee,
rather than it being a boost of some
sort. So, those are gone.
[Music]
My folly, my hearers, etc.
It's like basically impossible to get
marshmallow bees without
like a code. And I used all the codes
and it's a temporary boost.
Okay, cactus field is done. We're doing
rose field now.
Show me the money. Give me rose field,
coconut field,
cactus field, clover field,
bamboo field. I need bamboo field for
something
for that. And then anything else or is
it just that? Oh yeah, 11 million goo.
Let's go to bamboo field.
[Music]
Let's use a one of our blue extracts as
well
that wants us to use this.
[Music]
Oh, I forgot we should auto goo as well.
Thing just do damage to me. What was it?
[Music]
I don't know. The werewolf is a is a bit
of a strange one.
[Music]
Almost done with our goo quest for for
bamboo field.
I did not mean to use my my jelly beans.
Okay, that's goo done. Goo off.
[Music]
Okay, bamboo field is done in general.
It's a reference to wolf, obviously.
Insane sentence.
[Music]
Woo.
Oh god, I forgot it wants me to do 25
million from the stump field.
[Music]
[__]
I don't know if I still have my
beastworm macro working for
for my Windows VM
[Music]
said, "I think I need to get mine again.
Let me check the Let me check stump
field
[Music]
labbotomy simulator.
How could
How do I do the
[Music]
How do I do the flip?
I believe in the roof.
I love
it.
[Music]
Let me flip
that. Almost did it.
[Music]
Where I was doing it consistently before
was off this sign.
It's not letting me do it. This person's
macroing. You can tell cuz of what their
their position.
[Music]
Let me do the flip.
Hold
on. Did they Did they patch this?
[Music]
Daddy said I don't remember how to do
it.
[Music]
I don't know.
Heat. Heat.
[Music]
Look,
I think it was stated that macros are
okay.
[Music]
So confused. Oh, wait. Okay, that that
felt right.
Is it going at an angle?
I was able to do this so consistently
at one point.
Hello Windy B.
[Music]
Where the [__] do you think you're
going, Windy B? Oh, thank god I [__]
cleared coconut crab.
[Music]
This would have ended here.
Come
[Music]
on.
I said, "Where [__] me go?
[Music]
I keep getting cloud vials. This is not
helpful.
I have no room for them.
[Music]
I wonder if
There we go. There we go.
No, no, no.
Yes. There we go. We did it. Okay. Out
of bounds.
[Music]
Windy B is the way.
Daddy said, "Guen, I figured out how to
go out of bounds without flinging
yourself."
You're dead.
Yeah, I can show later.
[Music]
Anyway, this is the swaggle batches
zone.
[Music]
It's very kind.
I don't think I've seen them do this
before.
[Music]
Okay, let's talk to Riley B.
40 million goo from red flowers is not
bad.
That was a simple task for a be. Come
here.
[Music]
for
my sticker quest.
[Music]
I'd have to leave the game to go do the
next part.
Um,
realistic feature. Um, I can't do the
stump field, but
I wonder if I left the snail on any kind
of health.
Oh, mine is full health.
Daddy said snaily.
[Music]
my frames.
This thing would take so long.
[Music]
I don't remember how long the last one
took, but took several days
of macro.
[Music]
I'm not doing that right now.
Wait, how how does how does tadpole
beast spawn a frog in the commando check
room. I didn't even realize
[Music]
This game is such a time sync.
It's kind of a problem,
but it's kind of good.
I appreciate it cuz it's made by one
person like a company.
[Music]
If this were a game made by like
double AAA games too studio, I wouldn't
give a [__] at all.
But because it's just like homemade
oneperson
project, it's it's kind of nice.
No crate flow. Don't pick that up. Don't
pick that up yet.
[Music]
Okay,
I guess you can do that crate flow.
Why are the beetles in the field scared
of the top five harvesters?
Hello.
Hello, Dex.
D said, "Hi, baby. Hi, Gwen."
Roblox.
Actually, I just realized I wonder if uh
cuz this has HP saves. I wonder if I
could just leave the room when it when
it closes up and respawn it. Let's try
it.
Oh my god, that works.
I had no idea.
[Music]
Guys, I figured out the secret strat.
Hello.
Hey.
[Music]
So that way all our vicious B attacks
land without it being closed.
be said. Excellent.
Excellent.
[Music]
Hello.
Where are you?
[Music]
I'm kind of a genius for this.
Heat. Heat. N.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
[Music]
forever.
Now
[Music]
you
are Oh,
yeah.
[Music]
Excellent.
Oh, it's a sticker. It's just a label.
[Music]
Daddy, was it the [__] like choose
the best song
uh Roblox game where everyone kept
choosing Shawn Menddees for some reason?
Daddy said help us
[Music]
said loudly crying face.
Mhm.
Mac and cheese zero death. Is cart ride
into 17 pregnant Spongebob still
happening?
There's like group loads
set. I know about it.
Daddy said reuploads.
[Music]
Original card ride. Hyenas died.
Bye.
Why must this happen?
[Music]
Inappropriate.
Oh, a night bell.
[Music]
Oh, my honey badge. Um,
I need 10 billion goo. I need 10 billion
goo. I need 10 billion goo. [__] I need
10 billion goo. [__]
What's your problem?
Look, little room. Huh?
Help.
Do you see?
Do I see?
[Music]
Oh,
don't tap the glass obby. Should we do
it?
Help me. Maybe.
Oh, I got to play. Hold on. Okay, I'm
done with this for now. Uh, I got to do
this. Where's my Ableton?
Yes, yes, yes.
Don't tap the glass two player tycoon.
Don't get raised.
I'm going to say this. Uh,
they're starting to add like
more mature
Roblox experiences
and like open up Roblox to cater to in
some corners adults.
I think that's [__] stupid as hell to
be honest.
Tap the glass. Don't tap the glass.
Don't tap the glass.
Don't tap the glass. Don't tap the
glass. Don't tap the glass.
Huh?
[Music]
stupid ass thing.
Um,
kids barely have [__] like actual
spaces to exist in online. Roblox was
one of them. Obviously, adults could
play too, but like it was catered
towards like kids and they're like
losing that space too now. So, like
that's cool, I guess. I suppose
it sucks.
Um.
Oh, what was I doing? I was trying to
get a
I don't remember what I was doing. I was
getting the art. I need the art.
Yeah,
I can go get it.
Hello.
All right, I'll play the again with it.
Don't tap the glass. Don't tap the
glass.
glass. Don't tap the glass.
Don't tap the glass. Don't tap the
Don't tap the glass. Don't
tap the glass.
[Music]
I'm sorry. Just um Oh my god. Sorry.
Just this combination of words on screen
is is really [__] funny to me.
Crypto scam investor. I feel like dying
already.
Daddy said. Excellent.
Dex said kind
said hi in
I'm very sorry crypto scam investor I'll
try better
what happens if you tap the glass we're
going to find out right now
oh there he goes in the background
oh by the way this is my OC beef do you
guys like beef
pin said waba
oh hello pin
Hell hell chicken wee
add more dub stuff. I mean I was
thinking of doing a burst like complex
show drop is hello. Why you're huge?
I hear for a little then I bye-bye.
This looks ass. Oh my god. There's not
even any music.
This is
Is this even anything?
X set pin.
Oh my god.
Oh. Oh, my bad. Oh [__] that one was
wrong. music based tabby.
Oh, wait. What
am I? You can jump around them. I mean,
you can, but like that's not the way.
There more. Don't touch the glass
obvious if this one sucks.
I
Okay.
Oh, wait. I made it through. Okay. I was
like, did it switch? I was like, did I
forget the side everything was on? I was
like, no, I didn't. It just I it brought
me to the end without me completing it.
This is killing me, bro, because what do
you mean? Violet Pony is playing don't
tap the glass obby out of Roblox.
Okay,
maybe your limb reached after you died.
No, I'm pretty sure I was a couple of
spaces away.
We should play Find the Taylor Swifts
again.
Daddy said yes. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.
Who is this? This is just a random
person.
I can already see the end of the obby.
Wait. Did I
wait?
Okay. It just keeps like pushing me to
the end of these sections.
Very random person. Okay. You're here
from stream. Whatever.
[__] [__] [__] When are we getting
the violet pony obby? I have really good
news about that, by the way.
One TV.
There's at least two.
Oh, thanks, Pen. Thanks for the help,
Pen. [__] Well, it didn't matter. Pen
you pushed me.
my head.
I'll be where I go through each era. I
mean, like that already exists.
Although, I'm pretty sure it's only up
to girls who are wizards, if I remember
correctly.
I think doing the [__] monarch obby
might be very difficult as well if there
were such a thing.
Remember my pony obby that I made
your what obby?
Oh poo pony.
We need to see the monarch obby. Do we
really?
Congratulations.
You won.
Help. Furry.
What?
Everyone's a furry. What's this dog
only for cute animals?
That's like for me.
I mean, you're in bad.
But beef is a cute animal. It's true.
Okay.
[__] let me ancute animal.
Let me do the uh
Oh,
let me type on the [__] thing.
[__] you. [__] you. [__] you. Game.
[__] you. That's pony. Where's actual
Oh,
said relax.
Let me type. Thank you.
Where is it even? Where did it go?
Top five obies.
Got a horse blinker tycoon. I remember
there's beef.
Wonder if I can just find it on Google.
I can find it through my own tweet.
Daddy said Roblox evil.
[Music]
Yeah, this one. Um,
I don't remember how to reset. I've done
this obby twice.
Restart. All right.
[Music]
What?
Okay,
[Music]
there actually might be a monarch part
of it cuz you know there are the wolves.
May does not remember.
[Music]
No, I'm not crico anymore.
Oh.
I don't know why I keep doing the same
move every time.
Hello, cheeseburger.
[Music]
Oh, I'm blocking myself.
Of
course.
Careful. Don't touch the creek flow.
I love the [__] aloe and lotus
section. Like, why?
Oh, here's Winter's End. Here's a
seduct. Here's the seductive turtle.
Pin said, "Lol, my Roblox was about to
crash."
I would too if I had to play this obby,
which I'm doing right now.
[Music]
Um
hello
[Music]
said
there's a little bit of chaos going on
control.
[Music]
I'm bad flow. You're baddy flow.
Wait, wait.
[Music]
And we love to play. And we love to
play.
[Music]
Oh, those those kill
Hello, pineapple. Okay, sir.
[Music]
Don't read the brat book.
We're going to help Ralph Egg.
[Music]
I forgot there was antin and flow in
this game.
Ice cream.
[Music]
say
helps here
scary.
[Music]
Yes.
Keep on
[Music]
treating.
Keep on
[Music]
Pin said, "Okay, Ross, I think I leave
for now. Have a good stream."
Okay. Not fairly well.
[__]
Pin said bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Oh, it's the carousel.
He said this is just like carousel and
daddy on carousel.
Yeah.
It's Fish Whisperer.
I don't think Ralph Egg was down here
before.
The Ralph Egg mega update.
Oh, I thought I thought they just had
collision and didn't kill.
They do in fact kill.
[Music]
Fish killer.
Fish kills fur.
[Music]
Oh, hello dubstep bro.
What?
What was even that?
my world.
Okay. Hello, Creek.
Can't get out of my car.
[Music]
Oh no.
Down
[Music]
down down down down.
Oh, not Ralph [__]
[Music]
We do it.
Is it time for the [__] ass love letter
section?
Yeah, the [__] ass love letter section
is coming up. Horse friend.
[Music]
Okay,
this evil section
as I remember it. Yeah. Okay, thank you.
Happy said it did.
Wait, I think I maybe it was nerfed.
I still can't [__] deal with the
apathy parking lot.
[Applause]
Who and why?
Hello moonlight bean.
[Music]
I'm winning.
Help.
[Music]
A Tales of Equestria.
This is kind of just like the Taylor
Swift obby but with like Mr. Bean and
Elf and Tiberius.
[Music]
That is it. You just like almost hit my
balloon crashing.
It's okay.
I said, "Okay, this is hurting me. I
just go.
[Music]
Okay. And this is the other stupid
section.
Like bean world.
This one can be really scary.
is not
my
like
love letter.
[Music]
You can do this girl.
Oh no, it was this love letter section
that was so like [__]
[Music]
Yes.
I treat I treat I treat I dream
I
dream I I
[Music]
Okay, there we go.
I will not explode.
[Music]
Look at Raina go.
Ire
[Music]
said I forgot makes an appearance.
The
aunt makes an appearance.
[Music]
Wow. No matter what, 10 years.
I'm
safe. I'm
[Music]
I'm
grases
and now we have to escape them.
Oh, sorry.
What? What? What?
Wait, I swear the flu is the mountain
you worried about before.
What?
I like can't understand your TTS
sometimes.
Hello.
Hey.
[Music]
the last
[Applause]
Get out. Get out.
[Music]
We win. Yeah, there is no monarch
section,
but there could be.
Congratulations
[Music]
Green.
I love you.
[Music]
Oh,
very
fun.
There's also this
[Music]
I don't think I won.
That does not explain why there's a wolf
at the finish line. I mean, cuz monarch
wolf
and this is beef.
[Music]
Her name is Beef.
Yeah.
[Music]
La
the future. Oh,
[Music]
give me the pony pass.
Everybody,
everybody
pink.
He said this was game.
There's like a beauty. There's like non-
uklitian physics going on and
everything.
I treat
I
treat
I I dream I I dream I treat
I I
dream I treat I I
dream I
[Music]
I want
everybody.
This is amazing.
[Music]
Ile
I I
[Music]
[Applause]
what?
like sure.
[Music]
Very good.
Unfortunately, this is much better than
the don't tap the glass obby.
[Music]
be safe. probably
heat.
Next said, "Bea
[Music]
nom.
Nom.
Daddy said wait there.
I don't think I can.
[Music]
Why? Why? Why?
I don't know.
Dub step growl.
Okay,
[Music]
I think I am done with Roblox. I am done
with stream.
It's just going to be a little one. Just
just a little tiny one. Okay.
Thanks for
I'm so sleepy. Ow. Ow.
What?
Dex said, "Roio, bro.